# References

​​&#x20;

<table data-header-hidden><thead><tr><th width="116"></th><th></th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>​[1]  </td><td>​M. Stanciu, "Teachable Machine," 2023. [Online]. Available: https://workshops.hackclub.com/teachable_machine/. [Accessed 03 Aug. 2023]. </td></tr><tr><td>​[2]  </td><td>​Tango and M. Botta, "Real-Time Detection System of Driver Distraction Using Machine Learning," IEEE Transactions on Intelligent Transportation Systems, vol. 14, no. 2, pp. 894-905, June 2013.  </td></tr><tr><td>​[3]  </td><td>​I. H. Sarker, "Machine Learning: Algorithms, Real-World Applications and Research Directions," SN COMPUT. SCI., vol. 2, no. 3, p. 160, March 2021.  </td></tr><tr><td>​[4]  </td><td>​D. T. K. Ng, J. K. L. Leung, S. K. W. Chu and M. S. Qiao, "Conceptualizing AI literacy: An exploratory review," Computers and Education: Artificial Intelligence, vol. 2, p. 100041, January 2021.  </td></tr><tr><td>​[5]  </td><td>​R. Dingus and H. G. Black, "Choose Your Words Carefully: An Exercise to Introduce Artificial Intelligence to the Marketing Classroom Using Tone Analysis," Marketing Education Review, vol. 31, no. 2, pp. 64-69, April 2021.  </td></tr><tr><td>​[6]  </td><td>​N. Kühl, M. Goutier, L. Baier, C. Wolff and D. Martin, " “Human vs. supervised machine learning: Who learns patterns faster?”," Cognitive Systems Research, vol. 76, pp. 78 - 92, Dec 2022.  </td></tr><tr><td>​[7]  </td><td>​"Applications of Machine Learning," 2016. [Online]. Available: https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/machine-learning-introduction/. [Accessed 03 Aug. 2023]. </td></tr><tr><td>​[8]  </td><td>​S. Tufail, H. Riggs, M. Tariq and A. I. Sarwat, "Advancements and Challenges in Machine Learning: A Comprehensive Review of Models, Libraries, Applications, and Algorithms," Electronics, vol. 12, no. 8, January 2023.  </td></tr><tr><td>​[9]  </td><td>​D. Choi and K. Lee, "An Artificial Intelligence Approach to Financial Fraud Detection under IoT Environment: A Survey and Implementation," Security and Communication Networks, vol. 2018, pp. 1-15, September 2018.  </td></tr><tr><td>​[10]  </td><td>​S. A. Çalışkan, K. Demir and O. Karaca, "Artificial intelligence in medical education curriculum: An e-Delphi study for competencies," PLOS ONE, vol. 17, no. 7, pp. Çalışkan, S. A, July 2022.  </td></tr><tr><td>​[11]  </td><td>​R. Wee, E. Soh and D. Giles, "Teaching data science to medical trainees," The Clinical Teacher, vol. 18, no. 4, pp. 384-385, 2021.  </td></tr><tr><td>​[12]  </td><td>​J. Southworth and others, "Developing a model for AI Across the curriculum: Transforming the higher education landscape via innovation in AI literacy," Computers and Education: Artificial Intelligence, vol. 4, p. 100127, January 2023.  </td></tr><tr><td>​[13]  </td><td>​A. P. Kane, A. S. Kore, A. N. Khandale, S. S. Nigade and P. P. Joshi, "Predictive Maintenance using Machine Learning," arXiv, 19 May 2022.  </td></tr><tr><td>​[14]  </td><td>​S. Druga, N. Otero and A. J. Ko, "The Landscape of Teaching Resources for AI Education," in 27th ACM Conference on on Innovation and Technology in Computer Science Education Vol. 1, New York, NY, USA, 2022.  </td></tr><tr><td>​[15]  </td><td>​S. D. Baum, "Artificial Interdisciplinarity: Artificial Intelligence for Research on Complex Societal Problems," Philos. Technol., vol. 34, no. 1, pp. 45-63, November 2021.  </td></tr><tr><td>​[16]  </td><td>​J. Kasperiuniene, "The Use of Artificial Intelligence in Social Research: Multidisciplinary Challenges," in Computer Supported Qualitative Research, vol. Advances in Intelligent Systems and Computing, A. P. Costa, L. P. Reis, A. Moreira, L. Longo and G. Bryda, Eds., Springer International Publishing, 2021, pp. 312-324. </td></tr><tr><td>​[17]  </td><td>​Ethics Guidelines for Trustworthy AI, 2019.  </td></tr><tr><td>​[18]  </td><td>​J. Bossman, "Top 9 ethical issues in artificial intelligence," 21 October 2016. [Online]. Available: https://www.weforum.org/agenda/2016/10/top-10-ethical-issues-in-artificial-intelligence/. [Accessed 03 Aug. 2023]. </td></tr><tr><td>​[19]  </td><td>​Babusi, "What teaching a robot to recognise black women’s hair taught me about the future of AI," 08 August 2022. [Online]. Available: https://babusi.medium.com/what-teaching-a-robot-to-recognise-black-womens-hair-taught-me-about-the-future-of-ai-d58c507f545c. [Accessed 03 Aug. 2023]. </td></tr><tr><td>​[20]  </td><td>​D. T. Hub, "Data bias in AI," 2023. [Online]. Available: https://www.digitaltechnologieshub.edu.au/teach-and-assess/classroom-resources/lesson-ideas/data-bias-in-ai/. [Accessed 03 Aug. 2023]. </td></tr><tr><td>​[21]  </td><td>​V. Bogina, A. Hartman, T. Kuflik and A. Shulner-Tal, "Educating Software and AI Stakeholders About Algorithmic Fairness, Accountability, Transparency and Ethics," Int J Artif Intell Educ, vol. 32, no. 3, pp. 808-833, September 2022.  </td></tr><tr><td>​[22]  </td><td>​A. William, Artificial Intelligence: Perspectives on FATE in AI – Fairness, Accountability, Transparency and Ethics for a more equitable future, Sydney, New South Wales, 2019.  </td></tr><tr><td>​[23]  </td><td>​"‘How Normal Am I?’ nominated for best .eu website of the year," October 2021. [Online]. Available: https://www.project-sherpa.eu/how-normal-am-i-nominated-for-best-eu-website-of-the-year/. [Accessed 03 Aug. 2023]. </td></tr><tr><td>​[24]  </td><td>​T. Schep, How Normal Am I? An experience to learn how AI judges your face, 2023.  </td></tr><tr><td>​[25]  </td><td>​H. Zakir, This EU-funded AI judges your face and tells you how ‘normal’ you are, 2020.  </td></tr><tr><td>​[26]  </td><td>​H. Jiang and O. Nachum, "Identifying and Correcting Label Bias in Machine Learning," in Proceedings of the Twenty Third International Conference on Artificial Intelligence and Statistics, 2020.  </td></tr><tr><td>​[27]  </td><td>​N. T. Lee, P. Resnick and G. Barton, "Algorithmic bias detection and mitigation: Best practices and policies to reduce consumer harms," May 2019. [Online]. Available: https://www.brookings.edu/articles/algorithmic-bias-detection-and-mitigation-best-practices-and-policies-to-reduce-consumer-harms/. [Accessed 03 Aug. 2023]. </td></tr><tr><td>​[28]  </td><td>​S. Ahangari, M. Jeihani and A. Dehzangi, "A Machine Learning Distracted Driving Prediction Model," 2020.  </td></tr><tr><td>​[29]  </td><td>​S. K. S. Al-Doori, Y. S. Taspinar and M. Koklu, "Distracted Driving Detection with Machine Learning Methods by CNN Based Feature Extraction," International Journal of Applied Mathematics Electronics and Computers, vol. 9, no. 4, p. Art. no. 4, December 2021.  </td></tr><tr><td>​[30]  </td><td>​"AI Knows When Drivers Are Getting Very Sleepy," 2023.  </td></tr><tr><td>​[31]  </td><td>​A. Kashevnik, R. Shchedrin, C. Kaiser and A. Stocker, "Driver Distraction Detection Methods: A Literature Review and Framework," IEEE Access, vol. 9, pp. 60063-60076, 2021.  </td></tr><tr><td>​[32]  </td><td>​A. Shajari and others, Detection of Driving Distractions and Their Impacts: A Comprehensive Review, 2022.  </td></tr><tr><td>​[33]  </td><td>​"“Distracted Driving Statistics"," [Online]. Available: https://www.caa.ca/driving-safely/distracted-driving/statistics/. [Accessed 03 Aug. 2023]. </td></tr><tr><td>​[34]  </td><td>​A. Aksjonov, P. Nedoma, V. Vodovozov, E. Petlenkov and M. Herrmann, "Detection and Evaluation of Driver Distraction Using Machine Learning and Fuzzy Logic," IEEE Transactions on Intelligent Transportation Systems, vol. 20, no. 6, pp. 2048-2059, June 2019.  </td></tr><tr><td>​[35]  </td><td>​U. K. Vismaya and E. Saritha, "A Review on Driver Distraction Detection Methods," 2020.  </td></tr><tr><td>​[36]  </td><td>​T. Liu, Y. Yang, G.-B. Huang, Y. K. Yeo and Z. Lin, "Driver Distraction Detection Using Semi-Supervised Machine Learning," IEEE Transactions on Intelligent Transportation Systems, vol. 17, no. 4, pp. 1108-1120, April 2016.  </td></tr><tr><td>​[37]  </td><td>​J. Shaw, Artificial Intelligence and Ethics, 2018.  </td></tr><tr><td>​[38]  </td><td>​What is Supervised Learning?, 2023.  </td></tr><tr><td>​[39]  </td><td>​S. Brown, "Machine learning, explained," 21 April 2021. [Online]. Available: https://mitsloan.mit.edu/ideas-made-to-matter/machine-learning-explained. [Accessed 03 Aug. 2023]. </td></tr><tr><td>​[40]  </td><td>​Y. Li, L. Wang, W. Mi, H. Xu, J. Hu and H. Li, "Distracted Driving Detection by Combining ViT and CNN," 2022.  </td></tr><tr><td>​[41]  </td><td>​A. Misra, S. Samuel, S. Cao and K. Shariatmadari, "Detection of Driver Cognitive Distraction Using Machine Learning Methods," IEEE Access, vol. 11, pp. 18000-18012, 2023.  </td></tr><tr><td>​[42]  </td><td>​Supervised vs Unsupervised Learning Explained, 2022.  </td></tr><tr><td>​[43]  </td><td>​V. K. Ayyadevara, "Basics of Machine Learning," in Pro Machine Learning Algorithms : A Hands-On Approach to Implementing Algorithms in Python and R, V. K. Ayyadevara, Ed., Berkeley, CA: Apress, 2018, pp. 1-15. </td></tr><tr><td>​[44]  </td><td>​Tutorial 1b: Teachable Machine, 2023.  </td></tr><tr><td>​[45]  </td><td>​"Machine Learning Model with Teachable Machine," February 2022. [Online]. Available: https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/machine-learning-model-with-teachable-machine/. [Accessed 03 Aug. 2023]. </td></tr><tr><td>​[46]  </td><td>​A. Jobin, M. Ienca and E. Vayena, "The global landscape of AI ethics guidelines," Nat Mach Intell, vol. 1, no. 9, p. 9, September 2019.  </td></tr><tr><td>​[47]  </td><td>​M. A. Bertani-Økland, "What is FATML and why should you care," 02 February 2019. [Online]. Available: https://medium.com/compendium/https-medium-com-mab-55055-what-is-fatml-and-why-should-you-care-dfb36e51f2f4. [Accessed 03 Aug. 2023]. </td></tr><tr><td>​[48]  </td><td>​The Ethical Considerations of Self-Driving Cars, 2022.  </td></tr><tr><td>​[49]  </td><td>​Real-life Examples of Discriminating Artificial Intelligence, 2021.  </td></tr><tr><td>​[50]  </td><td>​C. Grant, Algorithms Are Making Decisions About Health Care, Which May Only Worsen Medical Racism, 2022.  </td></tr><tr><td>​[51]  </td><td>​L. Mearian, "Legislation to rein in AI’s use in hiring grows," 01 April 2023. [Online]. Available: https://www.computerworld.com/article/3691819/legislation-to-rein-in-ais-use-in-hiring-grows.html. [Accessed 03 Aug. 2023]. </td></tr><tr><td>​[52]  </td><td>​T. Claburn, "Mysterious algorithms, black-box AI recruiters are binning our résumés," October 2016. [Online]. Available: https://www.theregister.com/2016/10/17/hr_sw_for_job_applicants_lacking/. [Accessed 03 Aug. 2023]. </td></tr><tr><td>​[53]  </td><td>​Incident 267: Clearview AI Algorithm Built on Photos Scraped from Social Media Profiles without Consent, 2023.  </td></tr><tr><td>​[54]  </td><td>​S. Babu, What Is ClearView AI and Why Should You Care About It?, 2023.  </td></tr><tr><td>​[55]  </td><td>​A. Ferriss, "The Secretive Company That Might End Privacy as We Know It," 19 January 2020. [Online]. Available: https://www.nytimes.com/2020/01/18/technology/clearview-privacy-facial-recognition.html. [Accessed 03 Aug. 2023]. </td></tr><tr><td>​[56]  </td><td>​N. Diakopoulos and others, "Principles for Accountable Algorithms and a Social Impact Statement for Algorithms," [Online]. Available: https://www.fatml.org/resources/principles-for-accountable-algorithms. [Accessed 03 Aug. 2023]. </td></tr><tr><td>​[57]  </td><td>​C. Lütge and others, "AI4People: Ethical Guidelines for the Automotive Sector – Fundamental Requirements and Practical Recommendations," International Journal of Technoethics, pp. 101-125, 2021.  </td></tr><tr><td>​[58]  </td><td>​Introduction to FATE in AI - FATE Awareness, 2021.  </td></tr><tr><td>​[59]  </td><td>​J. Borenstein, F. S. Grodzinsky, A. Howard, K. W. Miller and M. J. Wolf, "AI Ethics: A Long History and a Recent Burst of Attention," Computer, vol. 54, no. 1, pp. 96-102, January 2021.  </td></tr><tr><td>​[60]  </td><td>​W. Chai and others, "Driver Head Pose Detection From Naturalistic Driving Data," IEEE Transactions on Intelligent Transportation Systems, pp. 1-10, 2023.  </td></tr><tr><td>​[61]  </td><td>​Y. Albadawi, M. Takruri and M. Awad, "A Review of Recent Developments in Driver Drowsiness Detection Systems," Sensors, vol. 22, no. 5, p. Art. no. 5, January 2022.  </td></tr><tr><td>​[62]  </td><td>​O. A. M. López, A. M. López and D. J. Crossa, "Overfitting, Model Tuning, and Evaluation of Prediction Performance," in Multivariate Statistical Machine Learning Methods for Genomic Prediction [Internet], Springer, 2022.  </td></tr><tr><td>​[63]  </td><td>​S. C. Addanki, N. Jaswanth, R. Assfalg and H. Venkataraman, "Analysis of Traffic Related Factors and Vehicle Environment in Monitoring Driver’s Driveability," Int. J. ITS Res., vol. 18, no. 2, pp. 277-287, May 2020.  </td></tr><tr><td>​[64]  </td><td>​H. Ujir, E. M. Jee, M. F. Iqbal, Q. K. Mun and I. Hipiny, "Real-Time Driver’s Monitoring Mobile Application through Head Pose, Drowsiness and Angry Detection," 2021.  </td></tr><tr><td>​[65]  </td><td>​M. Lu, Y. Hu and X. Lu, "A pose-aware dynamic weighting model using feature integration for driver action recognition," Engineering Applications of Artificial Intelligence, vol. 113, p. 104918, August 2022.  </td></tr><tr><td>​[66]  </td><td>​P. Inkeaw and others, "Automatic Driver Drowsiness Detection Using Artificial Neural Network Based on Visual Facial Descriptors: Pilot Study," Nat Sci Sleep, vol. 14, pp. 1641-1649, September 2022.  </td></tr><tr><td>​[67]  </td><td>​P. Badgujar and P. Selmokar, "Driver gaze tracking and eyes off the road detection," Materials Today: Proceedings, vol. 72, pp. 1863-1868, January 2023.  </td></tr><tr><td>​[68]  </td><td>​L. Sharara and others, "A Real-Time Automotive Safety System Based on Advanced AI Facial Detection Algorithms," IEEE Transactions on Intelligent Vehicles, pp. 1-22, 2023.  </td></tr><tr><td>​[69]  </td><td>​A. Palmer, "Amazon is using AI-equipped cameras in delivery vans and some drivers are concerned about privacy," February 2021. [Online]. Available: https://www.cnbc.com/2021/02/03/amazon-using-ai-equipped-cameras-in-delivery-vans.html. [Accessed 03 Aug. 2023]. </td></tr><tr><td>​[70]  </td><td>​J. Stanley, Amazon Drivers Placed Under Robot Surveillance Microscope, 2021.  </td></tr><tr><td>​[71]  </td><td>​R. K. E. Bellamy and others, "AI Fairness 360: An extensible toolkit for detecting and mitigating algorithmic bias," IBM Journal of Research and Development, vol. 63, no. 4/5, pp. 4:1-4:15, July 2019.  </td></tr><tr><td>​[72]  </td><td>​A. Chohlas-Wood, M. Coots, S. Goel and J. Nyarko, "Designing Equitable Algorithms," arXiv, February 2023.  </td></tr><tr><td>​[73]  </td><td>​K. Miller, Radical Proposal: Third-Party Auditor Access for AI Accountability, 2021.  </td></tr><tr><td>​[74]  </td><td>​How is fairness in AI calculated?.  </td></tr><tr><td>​[75]  </td><td>​S. O'Connor, "Teaching artificial intelligence to nursing and midwifery students," Nurse Education in Practice, vol. 64, p. 103451, October 2022.  </td></tr><tr><td>​[76]  </td><td>​Y. C. Goh, X. Q. Cai, W. Theseira, G. Ko and K. A. Khor, "Evaluating human versus machine learning performance in classifying research abstracts," Scientometrics, vol. 125, no. 2, pp. 1197-1212, November 2020.  </td></tr><tr><td>​[77]  </td><td>​D. Mitchell, "Distracted driving deaths up 36% over 2 years in Ontario: report," April 2023. [Online]. Available: https://globalnews.ca/news/9655035/distracted-driving-deaths-ontario/. [Accessed 03 Aug. 2023]. </td></tr><tr><td>​[78]  </td><td>​Distracted Driving Statistics, 2023.  </td></tr></tbody></table>
