# Acknowledgements

From John Abbott College, **Dr. Meghrig Terzian** and **Mauricio Buschinelli,** both Computer Science Teachers, played pivotal roles in leading the project. They spearheaded the development of the kits, from conceptualizing the kit’s central topics to devising the hands-on components' step-by-step instructions.&#x20;

At Concordia University, **Dr. Ann-Louise Davidson**, Professor of Education, imparted significant insights into pedagogical methodologies. **Kristen Irvine,** a Graduate Student at Concordia University, was instrumental in the kits' design and topic conceptualization. Her extensive research, rigorous writing, and learning activity design enriched the kits, particularly with her insights on AI ethics.&#x20;

**Tarik Bikhandafne**, a Computer Science student at Concordia, along with other student contributors, played key roles in prototyping and documentation processes. Their efforts were supplemented by the invaluable feedback from focus group participants and the insights provided by computer science students who completed our survey. &#x20;

We would also like to extend our appreciation to Computer Science teachers **Helen Katalifos** and **Sandra Bultena** from John Abbott College for their support throughout the project. **Veronika Villenski** deserves special mention for her technical expertise and work in finalizing the kit content. We are also gratefull for the multidisplinary group of teachers from John Abbott College who contributed to ideation and duscussions on kit topics and case studies. These include **Ian Clement**, **Youmna Badawy**, **Yael Margalit**, **Avery Larose** and **Jessica Burpee**. The work of **Sabrina Du** inspired the student surveys used in the kits design. The collaboration between Concordia and John Abbott College was crucial in ensuring the kits' effectiveness.&#x20;
