# Intro to Kit

<table data-header-hidden><thead><tr><th width="155"></th><th>Action</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td><strong>Do</strong></td><td>1. Open student version of the gitbook<br>2. Share or project screen to indicate what section of the gitbook students should be on</td></tr><tr><td><strong>Ask</strong></td><td>Students to open gitbook on their computers</td></tr><tr><td><strong>Say</strong></td><td><p>In this activity you will train an audio classification machine learning model. The model will be trained on sound samples to detect whether a room is occupied or empty. It has the potential to be used to lower energy consumption in buildings by turning off electrical devices and reducing heating when a room is unoccupied. The model will be trained in the Edge Impulse platform and deployed to a Raspberry Pi computer.</p><p> </p><p>By completing this activity, you will be able to: </p><ol><li>Understand the steps of a typical machine learning workflow</li><li>Make a Raspberry Pi equipped with a microphone collect audio samples</li><li>Use an online AI service to train, validate, optimize and deploy a machine learning model that classifies if a room is occupied or empty</li><li> Evaluate the implications of your model based on the principles of ethical AI</li></ol></td></tr><tr><td><strong>Say</strong></td><td><p>Special notation has been used to make it easier to navigate through each page of the gitbook.</p><ul><li><strong>Learn More</strong>, which can be found in blue boxes throughout the activity information, contains more in-depth explanations and additional information about the concepts and topics presented in the activity. While it's not necessary to read this information to complete the activity, it is highly recommended, especially if you are unfamiliar with the concepts presented.</li><li>Content in <mark style="color:red;"><strong>red</strong></mark> is key information and should not be skimmed.</li><li>Questions in <mark style="color:purple;">purple</mark> are meant to give you a chance to reflect and consider the implications of the information presented.</li></ul></td></tr></tbody></table>

