# Intro to Kit



### Teaching Notes <a href="#toc143897841" id="toc143897841"></a>

<table data-header-hidden><thead><tr><th width="155"></th><th></th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td><strong>Do</strong></td><td><ol><li>Open student version of the gitbook</li><li>Share or project screen to indicate what section of the gitbook students should be looking at</li></ol></td></tr><tr><td><strong>Ask</strong></td><td>Students to open gitbook on their computers</td></tr><tr><td><strong>Say</strong></td><td><p>In this activity you will clean and manipulate data to generate three types of product recommendations. You will generate popular-based recommendations by writing SQL (Structured Query Language) queries on SSMS (SQL Server Management Studio). You will generate Content-based and Collaborate filtering recommendations using pandas, numpy, sklearn, and surprise libraries on a Kaggle notebook.</p><p></p><p>By completing this activity, you will be able to:</p><ol><li>Describe the different types of recommender systems</li><li>Generate a product recommender system</li><li>Identify issues related to recommender systems</li><li>Evaluate the implications of a recommender system based on the principles of ethical AI</li></ol></td></tr><tr><td><strong>Say</strong></td><td><p>Special notation has been used to make it easier to navigate through each page of the gitbook.</p><ul><li><strong>Learn More</strong> which can be found in blue boxes throughout the activity information, contain more in-depth explanations and additional information about the concepts and topics presented in the activity. <strong>It is not necessary to read this information,</strong> the activity can be completed without the Learn More content. However, it is highly recommended to read the content, especially if you are unfamiliar with the concepts presented.</li><li>Content that appears in <mark style="color:red;">red</mark> should not be skimmed, it is key information and important to read.</li><li>Questions that appear in <mark style="color:purple;">purple</mark> are meant to give you a chance to reflect and consider the implications of the information presented.</li></ul></td></tr></tbody></table>

### &#x20;<a href="#toc143897842" id="toc143897842"></a>
